docs/HOW-PROCEDURES_TEMPLATE.md, before:

# Title


## Summary

Given, <YOUR_PROBLEM_CONTEXT_AND_INPUTS_HERE>,
when, <EVENT_OCCURS>,
then, by following this document's procedures, <EXPECTED_OUTCOME_AND_OUTPUTS>.


## Links


### External

See the following resources for guidance on writing how-to guides / working procedures:
- [The Documentation System](https://documentation.divio.com/how-to-guides/)
- Wiki-How on [clear](https://www.wikihow.com/Write-Clear-Instructions) instructions
- Wiki-How on [general](https://www.wikihow.com/Write-Instructions) instructions


### Internal

- are there issue reports detailing one or more incidents that lead to this procedures creation?
- is there an architecture decision record detailing why this procedure was created?
- are there links to previously issued tasks upon which this procedure is based?


## Prerequisites  

- tools:
  - <NEEDED_TOOL_1>
  - <NEEDED_TOOL_2>

- circumstances:
  - <NEEDED_CIRCUMSTANCE_1>
  - <NEEDED_CIRCUMSTANCE_2>


## Warnings  <!-- Optional -->

- Is there anything to absolutely should not do?  <!-- Optional -->

- Is there anything to be wary of?  <!-- Optional -->


## Instructions


### Sub-task 1

- <YOUR_STEP_1>
  - verify: <THIS_STEPS_VERIFICATION_PROCESS_HERE>  <!-- Optional -->
  - avoid: <THIS_STEPS_FAILURE_INDICATORS_HERE>  <!-- Optional -->
  - estimated_duration_min: <THIS_STEPS_ESTIMATE_HERE>  <!-- Optional -->

- <YOUR_STEP_2>
  - verify: <THIS_STEPS_VERIFICATION_PROCESS_HERE>  <!-- Optional -->
  - avoid: <THIS_STEPS_FAILURE_INDICATORS_HERE>  <!-- Optional -->
  - estimated_duration_min: <THIS_STEPS_ESTIMATE_HERE>  <!-- Optional -->

- ...


### Sub-task 2  <!-- Optional -->

- <YOUR_STEP_1>
  - verify: <THIS_STEPS_VERIFICATION_PROCESS_HERE>  <!-- Optional -->
  - avoid: <THIS_STEPS_FAILURE_INDICATORS_HERE>  <!-- Optional -->
  - estimated_duration_min: <THIS_STEPS_ESTIMATE_HERE>  <!-- Optional -->

- <YOUR_STEP_2>
  - verify: <THIS_STEPS_VERIFICATION_PROCESS_HERE>  <!-- Optional -->
  - avoid: <THIS_STEPS_FAILURE_INDICATORS_HERE>  <!-- Optional -->
  - estimated_duration_min: <THIS_STEPS_ESTIMATE_HERE>  <!-- Optional -->

- ...


### Sub-task 3  <!-- Optional -->

- <YOUR_STEP_1>
  - verify: <THIS_STEPS_VERIFICATION_PROCESS_HERE>  <!-- Optional -->
  - avoid: <THIS_STEPS_FAILURE_INDICATORS_HERE>  <!-- Optional -->
  - estimated_duration_min: <THIS_STEPS_ESTIMATE_HERE>  <!-- Optional -->

- <YOUR_STEP_2>
  - verify: <THIS_STEPS_VERIFICATION_PROCESS_HERE>  <!-- Optional -->
  - avoid: <THIS_STEPS_FAILURE_INDICATORS_HERE>  <!-- Optional -->
  - estimated_duration_min: <THIS_STEPS_ESTIMATE_HERE>  <!-- Optional -->

- ...


### Sub-task 4  <!-- Optional -->

- <YOUR_STEP_1>
  - verify: <THIS_STEPS_VERIFICATION_PROCESS_HERE>  <!-- Optional -->
  - avoid: <THIS_STEPS_FAILURE_INDICATORS_HERE>  <!-- Optional -->
  - estimated_duration_min: <THIS_STEPS_ESTIMATE_HERE>  <!-- Optional -->

- <YOUR_STEP_2>
  - verify: <THIS_STEPS_VERIFICATION_PROCESS_HERE>  <!-- Optional -->
  - avoid: <THIS_STEPS_FAILURE_INDICATORS_HERE>  <!-- Optional -->
  - estimated_duration_min: <THIS_STEPS_ESTIMATE_HERE>  <!-- Optional -->

- ...


### Sub-task 5  <!-- Optional -->

- <YOUR_STEP_1>
  - verify: <THIS_STEPS_VERIFICATION_PROCESS_HERE>  <!-- Optional -->
  - avoid: <THIS_STEPS_FAILURE_INDICATORS_HERE>  <!-- Optional -->
  - estimated_duration_min: <THIS_STEPS_ESTIMATE_HERE>  <!-- Optional -->

- <YOUR_STEP_2>
  - verify: <THIS_STEPS_VERIFICATION_PROCESS_HERE>  <!-- Optional -->
  - avoid: <THIS_STEPS_FAILURE_INDICATORS_HERE>  <!-- Optional -->
  - estimated_duration_min: <THIS_STEPS_ESTIMATE_HERE>  <!-- Optional -->

- ...

Commit message:

Update procedure guide (#12)
* Add link + minimal instructions

* Add towncrier bumpver (#11)

Add towncrier + bumpver

* Add link + minimal instructions

* Add newsfragment for the update

docs/HOW-PROCEDURES_TEMPLATE.md, after:

# Title


## Summary

Given, <YOUR_PROBLEM_CONTEXT_AND_INPUTS_HERE>,
when, <EVENT_OCCURS>,
then, by following this document's procedures, <EXPECTED_OUTCOME_AND_OUTPUTS>.


## Links


### External

See the following resources for guidance on writing how-to guides / working procedures:
- [The Documentation System](https://documentation.divio.com/how-to-guides/)
- Wiki-How on [clear](https://www.wikihow.com/Write-Clear-Instructions) instructions
- Wiki-How on [general](https://www.wikihow.com/Write-Instructions) instructions
- The [key to writing good documentation](https://idratherbewriting.com/2015/07/07/testing-your-instructions/), from a technical writer and programmer.


### Internal

- are there issue reports detailing one or more incidents that lead to this procedures creation?
- is there an architecture decision record detailing why this procedure was created?
- are there links to previously issued tasks upon which this procedure is based?


## Prerequisites  

- tools:
  - <NEEDED_TOOL_1>
  - <NEEDED_TOOL_2>

- circumstances:
  - <NEEDED_CIRCUMSTANCE_1>
  - <NEEDED_CIRCUMSTANCE_2>


## Warnings  <!-- Optional -->

- Is there anything to absolutely should not do?  <!-- Optional -->

- Is there anything to be wary of?  <!-- Optional -->


## Instructions

When creating instructions, limit your number of sub-tasks to a maximum of 5.
Humans have a [hard time](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Magical_Number_Seven,_Plus_or_Minus_Two) remembering or holding in memory many more concepts than this.

Likewise, limit your number of steps per sub-task to a maximum of 6.
If each step took one minute, then combined with 5 tasks,
you'd have, at maximum, a 30 minute procedure.
This seems as good a time to stop as any other arbitrary cutoff.


### Sub-task 1

- <YOUR_STEP_1>
  - verify: <THIS_STEPS_VERIFICATION_PROCESS_HERE>  <!-- Optional -->
  - avoid: <THIS_STEPS_FAILURE_INDICATORS_HERE>  <!-- Optional -->
  - estimated_duration_min: <THIS_STEPS_ESTIMATE_HERE>  <!-- Optional -->

- <YOUR_STEP_2>
  - verify: <THIS_STEPS_VERIFICATION_PROCESS_HERE>  <!-- Optional -->
  - avoid: <THIS_STEPS_FAILURE_INDICATORS_HERE>  <!-- Optional -->
  - estimated_duration_min: <THIS_STEPS_ESTIMATE_HERE>  <!-- Optional -->

- ...


### Sub-task 2  <!-- Optional -->

- <YOUR_STEP_1>
  - verify: <THIS_STEPS_VERIFICATION_PROCESS_HERE>  <!-- Optional -->
  - avoid: <THIS_STEPS_FAILURE_INDICATORS_HERE>  <!-- Optional -->
  - estimated_duration_min: <THIS_STEPS_ESTIMATE_HERE>  <!-- Optional -->

- <YOUR_STEP_2>
  - verify: <THIS_STEPS_VERIFICATION_PROCESS_HERE>  <!-- Optional -->
  - avoid: <THIS_STEPS_FAILURE_INDICATORS_HERE>  <!-- Optional -->
  - estimated_duration_min: <THIS_STEPS_ESTIMATE_HERE>  <!-- Optional -->

- ...


### Sub-task 3  <!-- Optional -->

- <YOUR_STEP_1>
  - verify: <THIS_STEPS_VERIFICATION_PROCESS_HERE>  <!-- Optional -->
  - avoid: <THIS_STEPS_FAILURE_INDICATORS_HERE>  <!-- Optional -->
  - estimated_duration_min: <THIS_STEPS_ESTIMATE_HERE>  <!-- Optional -->

- <YOUR_STEP_2>
  - verify: <THIS_STEPS_VERIFICATION_PROCESS_HERE>  <!-- Optional -->
  - avoid: <THIS_STEPS_FAILURE_INDICATORS_HERE>  <!-- Optional -->
  - estimated_duration_min: <THIS_STEPS_ESTIMATE_HERE>  <!-- Optional -->

- ...


### Sub-task 4  <!-- Optional -->

- <YOUR_STEP_1>
  - verify: <THIS_STEPS_VERIFICATION_PROCESS_HERE>  <!-- Optional -->
  - avoid: <THIS_STEPS_FAILURE_INDICATORS_HERE>  <!-- Optional -->
  - estimated_duration_min: <THIS_STEPS_ESTIMATE_HERE>  <!-- Optional -->

- <YOUR_STEP_2>
  - verify: <THIS_STEPS_VERIFICATION_PROCESS_HERE>  <!-- Optional -->
  - avoid: <THIS_STEPS_FAILURE_INDICATORS_HERE>  <!-- Optional -->
  - estimated_duration_min: <THIS_STEPS_ESTIMATE_HERE>  <!-- Optional -->

- ...


### Sub-task 5  <!-- Optional -->

- <YOUR_STEP_1>
  - verify: <THIS_STEPS_VERIFICATION_PROCESS_HERE>  <!-- Optional -->
  - avoid: <THIS_STEPS_FAILURE_INDICATORS_HERE>  <!-- Optional -->
  - estimated_duration_min: <THIS_STEPS_ESTIMATE_HERE>  <!-- Optional -->

- <YOUR_STEP_2>
  - verify: <THIS_STEPS_VERIFICATION_PROCESS_HERE>  <!-- Optional -->
  - avoid: <THIS_STEPS_FAILURE_INDICATORS_HERE>  <!-- Optional -->
  - estimated_duration_min: <THIS_STEPS_ESTIMATE_HERE>  <!-- Optional -->

- ...
